there's no way to deny it certain
sectors have yet to come back from their
pre-financial crisis peak in fact very
few indicators have shown resilience
this particular index just took a turn
for the worse you came here for the
truth let's get into it right away that
thou hole's transportation index has
begun to underperform and they are
highlighting these three points here and
you can see this for yourself there is a
correlation between the Dow Jones
transportation average and the S&P 500
index will we see a decline well only
time will tell I like to link this to
other indicators that to me are much
better indicators of the economy than
the stock market
so let's cover one right now and that is
the Baltic Dry Index depends on where
you want to start calculating it from
but many people will point out that
things are just fine because over the
last year the Baltic Dry Index has
increased and that is a fact when you
want to take it from that very very low
point its lowest point in 2016 you will
see that that's fine but let's just take
it even from a couple years ago it has
declined let's take it from 2010 when
they said that the recession was over
everything is just fine okay even worse
the client let's take it from the peak
and even worse decline it's all up to
you all I know is that this is a primary
indicator of the health of the economy
and that doesn't look at at all no
matter where you take it from it really
doesn't look good
this connects in with this dry ships
this is seem to be another primary
indicator as well a similar one to look
at recently they've been under fire but
it doesn't matter what I look at is the
fact that just the same look at where it
had gone in 2008 and compared to where
it is now it's basically non-existent
now we don't want to focus
- heavily on one indicator or another
but just look at this as an example as
one example of many many examples of
companies and industries sectors that
just one day they're popular one day
they're they're doing well and the next
day they are basically forgotten that's
just what I wanted to get to let's look
at this here there have been some
bubbles in history and this chart here I
believe this was I would have Bloomberg
yes that's correct out of Bloomberg
they're calling the Bitcoin bubble
that's up to you to decide if it is well
and it has surpassed everything
technology since 94 technology since 94
Bitcoin since 2015 homebuilder since
2000 biotech since 2009 and look at this
astronomical rise in Bitcoin it has been
one hell of a chart and when you look at
some of the other cryptocurrencies it
looks even more intense it would be just
a straight line upward there is no curve
it's interesting to see it to map it out
like this I mean I'm not giving my
opinion either way and it's all up to
you I know there are a lot of people who
are much in favor of cryptocurrencies
here on this channel and there are
others who hate them and whatever side
you're on all I'm showing you is the
information that's what I do on this
channel that's a lot different than
other channels where they basically take
a piece of information and then tell you
what to do with that whereas I'm
basically just saying here's all the
information you draw the inferences you
want let's just move on profit and
valuations this is quite interesting
because you can see that throughout the
years there have been
there is a difference in between the
stock market itself and the actual
corporate profits look at the corporate
profits after-tax compared to the well
you can see the dotted line equities and
it shows you that there is not
necessarily a correlation that's for
sure because there are periods of time
when things do change I believe at this
time that the equities have gone far
beyond the profits and that is one of
the signs that we have a major disaster
waiting for us and if stocks go even
higher the disaster gets worse the
higher it goes without everything coming
up with it
look stocks can hit new highs but that
would mean that the GDP has to be much
much much higher and that the debt would
probably need to be a little lower
that's something else but other things
have to come up as well you can't just
have one indicator going up all by
itself that's when you start to hit that
bubble territory that's when you start
to see the money get spread into other
areas now here we go this is what I
wanted to talk about correlation concern
the last bear market started when
extreme low correlation correlations
turned according to city the S&P sector
correlations in verdict and the SMP 500
and these instances here just so happens
to result in the.com boom and bust the
financial crisis and is this the
financial crisis part two well we'll see
it's a little early to tell that but
City believes that this could be a very
big problem that lies ahead according to
this indicator again just one of many
never look at one indicator and believe
that that is the truth you need to look
at them all always take a
add as many indicators as you possibly
can as many times as you possibly can't
constantly follow them I try to bring
them to you here regularly so that
you're keeping up to date with them but
if I'm not covering a particular
indicator you need to keep on top of
that for yourself risk ah flows
investors have been pulling money from
US equities and high-yield debt you can
see this here high-yield bonds US
equities in the negative territory
whereas gold has been up a little bit
and government bonds can you believe it
have been up now this is people seeking
by the way that's the last three weeks
this is individuals seeking more
security more safety so they're going
this route here and I covered it also
with the Rothschilds seem to be ahead of
the game with that all I wanted to note
is that whenever there is a bit of
turmoil you end up seeing these
so-called safe haven assets rising but
in short order things seem to turn
around and that is the algorithms that
come to pick up the pieces that's the
way they do it they they are the plunge
production team they help this market
from dropping there are many many
analysts who are very good at the
technical indicators and they show you
that as soon as there's a little dip in
a particular asset they buy it right
back up so you'll see the dip come down
and you'll see that by occurring right
immediately after and that's not a
natural event that is in fact the
algorithms trading on those dips and
making sure that things and the day well
so that's all for this video if you
found it informative please give me a
thumbs up last but not least if you
found this video informative I know
you'll find my books the money GPS and
my new release global economic collapse
even more informative you can flip
through these books at Amazon the links
are in the description below you can
take a look at my first book the money
GPS where I have the money GPS formula
and basically I talk about the
or asset classes and how to profit from
them my new book has the money GPS
strategy and that is more along the
lines of becoming self-sufficient
reducing your monthly expenses solar
panels and that sort of thing so you
could check that out
links are below take care